3-Tier Architecture:

EC2:
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) is a web service that provides secure, resizable compute capacity in the cloud. It is designed to make web-scale cloud computing easier for developers. Amazon EC2's simple web service interface allows you to obtain and configure capacity with minimal friction.

Route53: 
Amazon Route 53 (Route 53) is a scalable and highly available Domain Name System (DNS) service. Released on December 5, 2010, it is part of Amazon.com's cloud computing platform, Amazon Web Services (AWS). The name is a reference to TCP or UDP port 53, where DNS server requests are addressed.

CloudFront:
Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network offered by Amazon Web Services. Content delivery networks provide a globally-distributed network of proxy servers which cache content, such as web videos or other bulky media, more locally to consumers, thus improving access speed for downloading the content.

S3:
Amazon S3 or Amazon Simple Storage Service is a service offered by Amazon Web Services (AWS) that provides object storage through a web service interface. Amazon S3 uses the same scalable storage infrastructure that Amazon.com uses to run its global e-commerce network.

ELB:
Elastic Load Balancing automatically distributes incoming application traffic across multiple targets, such as Amazon EC2 instances, containers, IP addresses, and Lambda functions. It can handle the varying load of your application traffic in a single Availability Zone or across multiple Availability Zones.

AutoScaling:
AWS Auto Scaling monitors your applications and automatically adjusts capacity to maintain steady, predictable performance at the lowest possible cost. Using AWS Auto Scaling, it's easy to setup application scaling for multiple resources across multiple services in minutes.

RDS:
The Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS AWS) is a web service that makes it easier to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient, re-sizable capacity in an industry-standard relational database and manages common database administration tasks.

SNS:
Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) is a highly available, durable, secure, fully managed pub/sub messaging service that enables you to decouple microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications. ... Additionally, SNS can be used to fan out notifications to end users using mobile push, SMS, and email.

SQS:
Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) is a fully managed message queuing service that enables you to decouple and scale microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications. ... Get started with SQS in minutes using the AWS console, Command Line Interface or SDK of your choice, and three simple commands.

CloudWatch:
Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring and management service that provides data and actionable insights for AWS, hybrid, and on-premises applications and infrastructure resources. With CloudWatch, you can collect and access all your performance and operational data in form of logs and metrics from a single platform.

Nginx:
Nginx is a web server which can also be used as a reverse proxy, load balancer, mail proxy and HTTP cache. The software was created by Igor Sysoev and first publicly released in 2004. A company of the same name was founded in 2011 to provide support and Nginx plus paid software.
